Release Notes:OFFICE DESIGN GALLERY FOR MACINTOSH (VERSION 1.1)1 November, 1994Before you install the Virtus Office Design Gallery, please read this file for important installation and usage tips. You may even want to print the file before you begin working with your new Gallery, to use as a handy reference.1. WHERE ON MY HARD DRIVE DO I INSTALL THE OFFICE DESIGN GALLERY?If you have installed the Virtus VR application, we recommend that you locate the Virtus VR folder file name, then choose “Install” when the Gallery installation dialog box appears. You may install the Gallery anywhere, but the advantage of installing it in the Virtus VR folder is that the new Gallery will be merged with existing folders. For more details, please refer to the Installation card in the Gallery box.VIRTUS WALKTHROUGH PRO USERS: Your new Gallery is compatible with Virtus WalkThrough Pro 2.0. This means that you are not required to have the Virtus VR application installed in order to install your Gallery, and you may install the Gallery anywhere on your hard drive. Also, you may use Virtus WalkThrough Pro 2.0 to access Virtus VR 2-D and 3-D galleries.2. WHAT FOLDERS AND FILES WILL THE OFFICE DESIGN GALLERY INSTALL ON MY HARD DRIVE?If you choose to install to the Virtus VR folder the Office Design 3-D Galleries, 2-D Galleries and Textures folders will be placed in the original 2-D Galleries, 3-D Galleries, Textures and Bonus Textures folders within the Virtus VR folder. The Gallery installer will also place an Office Design Scenes folder and an Office Design Models folder into the Virtus VR folder on your hard drive. If you choose to install elsewhere the installer will create the appropriate folders.NOTE FOR VIRTUS VR USERS: All of these folders contain files that Virtus VR needs to operate, so please don’t move or rename the folders or their contents.3. WHAT ARE THE SAMPLE SCENES INCLUDED WITH THE OFFICE DESIGN GALLERY?We have included six Office Design sample scenes with this Gallery:Architectural OfficeGeneral Purpose OfficeHome OfficeOfficesReception/Conference RoomTeleconference CenterThe Office Design scenes are examples of what is possible with Virtus VR. These can also be used as starting places for your own alterations. If you choose the full install (as opposed to “custom” install) procedure, the scenes will be installed into a Office Design Scenes Folder and the models to a Office Design Models folder. Many of the scenes in the Office Design Gallery were created for Virtus by Davison Productions, 7705 Middle Valley Drive, Springfield, VA 22153-2226. 4. WHAT 3-D AND 2-D GALLERIES ARE INCLUDED IN THIS GALLERY?The 3-D Galleries are:DesksEquipment 1 and 2Furnishings 1 and 2Modular Conference Units 1 - 3 (Steelcase)Modular Corner Units 1 and 2 (Steelcase)Modular Storage Units (Steelcase)Modular Wall Units (Steelcase)Tables and StorageThe 2-D Galleries are:Office Doors 1 - 4Office Windows 1 - 3These Galleries will be installed in the appropriate galleries folders within your Virtus VR folder when you click on "Install".5. WHAT TEXTURE PALETTES ARE INCLUDED IN THIS GALLERY?ODmiscellODmiscell ShadedODstoneODstone ShadedODwoodODwood ShadedCeiling PanelsAll of the Shaded texture palettes will be installed into the Textures folder within the Virtus VR folder. The other palettes will be installed to the Bonus Textures folder within the VR folder. If you need to free up memory, move some of the palettes from the Textures folder into another folder (such as the Bonus Textures folder), then restart VR. Keep in mind that the Texture Palettes are available for use only when these are in the Textures folder.The textures in the ODmiscell, ODstone and ODwood palettes (and their shaded versions) are from the first and second Volumes of Form and Function's Wraptures Library of seamless, tileable textures on CD-ROM. The Wraptures Library contains photographic textures in PICT format for use as 3-D texture maps, presentation backgrounds and graphic source material. You can purchase the Wraptures CD-ROMs through Form and Function's distributor, EDUCORP. That company’s toll-free number is 1-800-843-9497, or you can call 619-536-9999.The textures in the Ceiling Panels palette were created for Virtus by Heath Scofield. Textures Copyright (C) 1993 by Heath Scofield, 920 Mills St., Raleigh, NC, 27608.6. HOW CAN I BEST USE THIS GALLERY?The best approach in modeling is to design single rooms or suites of rooms in an individual VR file, rather than attempting to model an entire house within a single file. Since your speed of interactivity within a model is dependent on its complexity, it is best to divide a complicated project into several files. For instance, instead of trying to model an entire two-story home in a single file, divide the house into suites of rooms. Perhaps the kitchen and dining room would be in one file, the upstairs bedrooms in another, and the garage and living room in a third. You may even want to have an individual file for each room. The Office Design scenes can be a good place to start a project. If you find an office among these that are close to the design you have in mind, just add to it using VR's Basic and Advanced Shapes, or apply new windows, doors or textures to turn it into your ideal design.Another approach would be to start a room from scratch: Drag and drop a Basic Shape into a new file, stretch the shape to fit the dimensions of your choice, then customize it by using textures from the 3-D and 2-D galleries. Also, when you’re in the Walk View of a room, you may find things a bit claustrophobic. To get a more panoramic view, select the Wide Angle option from the Walk Menu. This will create some distortion, but will provide a wider view of your closest surroundings. In fact, some of the Office Design models were saved with this option to give you a better view of their content. 7. HOW CAN I CONTACT VIRTUS CUSTOMER SUPPORT?If you have any questions, please contact our Customer Support Department. Here’s how:1) Online ServicesAmerica Online: VirtusTechAppleLink: VIRTUSCompuServe: 75300,3251Internet: virtustech@aol.comAlso, be sure to visit our support areas on America Online and CompuServe. You can leave us messages, talk with other Virtus software users, get tips on using our programs, download new models and much more:America Online:   Select Keyword under the Go To menu and then enter “VIRTUS” (Command-K, type “VIRTUS”)CompuServe:   Enter “GO VIRTUS” at any prompt (Command-G, type “VIRTUS”)2) Telephone SupportIf you wish to call Virtus Customer Support, we recommend that you first check your Virtus VR or WalkThrough Pro documentation. If you still can’t find the answer to your question, we can help you best if you call us while sitting at your computer with Virtus VR or WalkThrough Pro  running. Also, please have your serial number ready to give to us. You’ll find it in the Message Bar at the bottom of the screen when you select About Virtus VR... from the Apple menu.Telephone: 919/467-9700 (9 a.m.-6 p.m. Eastern, Monday-Friday)Note: Currently, Virtus Technical Support is unable to return telephone calls or answer faxes from outside the U.S., with the exception of Canada.HOW CAN I SUBMIT FEEDBACK AND IDEAS?We would love to know what you think of the Virtus Galleries. We would also like to know what suggestions you have for future Gallery subjects. Please send us electronic mail at any of the above addresses, fax us at the above number or write to us at:Virtus CorporationVirtus Gallery Feedback118 MacKenan DriveSuite 250Cary, NC 27511Thanks for being a Virtus customer!