Release Notes:HOME REMODELING GALLERY FOR MACINTOSH (VERSION 1.1)September 13, 1994Before you install the Home Remodeling Gallery, please read this file for important installation and usage tips. You may want to print this file before you begin working with your new Gallery, to use as a handy reference.1. WHERE ON MY HARD DRIVE DO I INSTALL THE HOME REMODELING GALLERY?If you have already installed Virtus VR, when the Gallery installation dialog box appears on your screen, we recommend that you locate the Virtus VR folder file name then choose Install. You do have the option of installing the Gallery anywhere you choose. The advantage of installing into the Virtus VR folder is that the new content is merged into already existing folders. For more details, please refer to the Installation card in the Archaeology Gallery box.NOTE FOR VIRTUS WALKTHROUGH PRO USERS: VR Galleries are now compatible with WalkThrough Pro 2.0. You may install the new Gallery anywhere you choose on your hard drive.2. WHAT FOLDERS AND FILES WILL THE HOME REMODELING GALLERY INSTALL ON MY HARD DRIVE?The Home Remodeling 3-D Galleries, 2-D Galleries and Textures folders will be placed in the original 2-D Galleries, 3-D Galleries, Textures and Bonus Textures folders within the Virtus VR folder if that's where you choose to install the Gallery. The installer will create those folders if you install elsewhere. The Gallery installer will also create an Home Remodeling Scenes folder.   NOTE FOR VIRTUS VR USERS: All of these folders contain files that Virtus VR needs to operate, so please don’t move or rename the folders or their contents.3. WHAT ARE THE SAMPLE SCENES AND MODELS INCLUDED WITH THE HOME REMODELING GALLERY?We have included five Home Remodeling sample scenes with this Gallery:The BurbsBeach CabinCountry Club EstateMountain HomePope-Leighey HouseIn addition, we have included 27 Home Remodeling models with this Gallery:A-Frame Great RoomAttic with SkylightBathroom/Platform TubBathroom/ShowerBathroom/TiledBeamed Family RoomBedroom with FireplaceBedroom with PorchCovered Dining DeckCraftsman BathroomDining with AtriumDining/Living RoomGrenadier GarageKitchen/Breakfast NookKitchen/NookLiving Room ALiving Room BOctagonalPeaked Great RoomPink GaragePlatform DeckRed BedroomSpa DeckSplit Level DeckSprings KitchenStepped DeckTiled BedroomThese scenes and models are for you to explore and enjoy. To get more information on any one of the scenes, open the appropriate Read Me file in the Home Remodeling Scenes folder. The models of sample rooms (Living Room A, Craftsman Bathroom, etc.) are also included in the 3-D Galleries, Rooms 1 and Rooms 2. This was done so that a particular sample room could be easily dragged and dropped from the Gallery Window into one of your own models.4. WHAT 3-D AND 2-D GALLERIES ARE INCLUDED IN THIS GALLERY?The 3-D Galleries are:Home Chairs 1 and 2Home LifeHome TablesHome MiscellaneaKitchen Floor Cabinets 1 and 2Kitchen Wall Cabinets 1 and 2Kitchen Items 1 and 2Rooms 1 and 2The 2-D Galleries are:Home Windows 1, 2, 3, and 4Home Doors 1, 2, 3,  and 4These Galleries will be installed in the appropriate galleries folders within your Virtus VR folder when you click on "Install". 5. WHAT TEXTURE PALETTES ARE INCLUDED IN THIS GALLERY?In/OutIn/Out ShadedMarble&TileMarble&Tile ShadedOutdoorOutdoor ShadedAll of the Shaded texture palettes will be installed directly to the Textures folder within the Virtus VR folder. Their unshaded counterparts will be installed to the Bonus Textures folder within the VR folder. If you need to free up memory, move some of the palettes from the Textures folder into another folder (such as the Bonus Textures folder), then restart VR. Keep in mind that the Texture Palettes are available for use only when they are in the Textures folder.All of the textures in the Home Remodeling Gallery palettes are from the first and second Volumes of Form and Function's Wraptures Library of seamless, tileable textures on CD-ROM. The Wraptures Library contains photographic textures in PICT format for use as 3-D texture maps, presentation backgrounds and graphic source material. You can purchase the Wraptures CD-ROMs through Form and Function's distributor, EDUCORP. That company’s toll-free number is 1-800-843-9497, or you can call 619-536-9999. 6. HOW CAN I BEST USE THIS GALLERY?The best approach in modeling is to design single rooms or suites of rooms in an individual VR file, rather than attempting to model an entire house within a single file. Since your speed of interactivity within a model is dependent on its complexity, it is best to divide a complicated project into several files. For instance, instead of trying to model an entire two-story home in a single file, divide the house into suites of rooms. Perhaps the kitchen and dining room would be in one file, the upstairs bedrooms in another, and the garage and living room in a third. You may even want to have an individual file for each room.The Home Remodeling models can be a good place to start a project. If you find a living room or kitchen among these that are close to designs you have in mind, just add to them using VR’s Basic and Advanced Shapes, or apply new windows, doors or textures to turn these into your ideal design. Another approach would be to start a room from scratch: Drag and drop a Basic Shape into a new file, stretch the shape to fit the dimensions of your choice, then customize it by using textures from the 3-D and 2-D galleries. Also, when you’re in the Walk View of a room, you may find things a bit claustrophobic. To get a more panoramic view, select the Wide Angle option from the Walk Menu. This will create some distortion, but will provide a wider view of your closest surroundings. In fact, some of the Home Remodeling models were saved with this option to give you a better view of their content. 7. HOW CAN I CONTACT VIRTUS CUSTOMER SUPPORT?If you have any questions, please contact our Customer Support Department. Here’s how:1) Online ServicesAmerica Online: VirtusTechAppleLink: VIRTUSCompuServe: 75300,3251Internet: virtustech@aol.comAlso, be sure to visit our support areas on America Online and CompuServe. You can leave us messages, talk with other Virtus software users, get tips on using our programs, download new models and much more:America Online:   Select Keyword under the Go To menu and then enter “VIRTUS” (Command-K, type “VIRTUS”)CompuServe:   Enter “GO VIRTUS” at any prompt (Command-G, type “VIRTUS”)2) Telephone SupportIf you wish to call Virtus Customer Support, we recommend that you first check your Virtus VR documentation and the tutorial video. If you still can’t find the answer to your question, we can help you best if you call us while sitting at your computer with Virtus VR running. Also, please have your serial number ready to give to us. You’ll find it in the Message Bar at the bottom of the screen when you select About Virtus VR... from the Apple menu.Telephone: 919/467-9700 (9 a.m.-6 p.m. Eastern, Monday-Friday)Note: Regretably, Virtus Technical Support is unable to return telephone calls or faxes outside the U.S. or Canada.8. HOW CAN I SUBMIT FEEDBACK AND IDEAS?We would love to know what you think of the Virtus VR Galleries. We would also like to know what suggestions you have for future Gallery subjects. Please send us electronic mail at any of the above addresses, fax us at the above number or write to us at:Virtus CorporationVirtus Gallery Feedback118 MacKenan DriveSuite 250Cary, NC 27511